Especially.
You take people first. I'll get you some water. Don't go.
This is my wind arrow. no,
You listen to me borrow it. Get out of here. I'm in charge,
Do you all have the habit of deducting money at every turn?
Give it to me again. The money was deducted.
Please do whatever you can to please. When I was a kid I cooked,
It makes it impossible for you to go. Now my idea,
Jin Mingqiu. I won't go,
I'll do it if you fail me. Have you had breakfast?
I made you a nutritious breakfast. Come and have a taste.
The vice president has already gone to the company. I'm back to help,
Get the documents. This is what you do.
You haven't had breakfast yet. I'll give this to you first.
Me, I won’t use it now.
I have to find someone to send the documents
Why is that important?
I will send the documents for you
By the way, I’ll make Feiyinyang breakfast for the Vice-Emperor.
The emperor has never tasted something so special.
You will definitely like the food cooked by the assistant
Not a big CEO
What are you here for?
Deputy Secretary Lin said you didn’t have breakfast and I’ll get it.
I Lin said you only eat one thing, I am organic
But today for your position
No appetite to sit down
A good person in personnel matters
disobedient words
My friends can't stand it anymore